Issue #1931: C++20 wasn't included in "modern C++" (#1932)
isocpp/CppCoreGuidelines: README.md

## Background and scope

> The aim of the guidelines is to help people to use modern C++ effectively. By "modern C++" we mean C++11, C++14, C++17, and C++20. In other

Reviewer: Perhaps `By "modern C++" we mean C++11 and newer` would be better?
That way this doesn't need to get updated every time a new version of the C++ standard is released, just when the base version is changed (e.g C++11 is no longer considered modern).

Author: Makes sense! 
```suggestion
The aim of the guidelines is to help people to use modern C++ effectively. By "modern C++" we mean C++11 and newer. In other
```
